I beg you.
Please!
Mom throws the bucket, don't kneel
Aren't you going to marry Zhou Tong?
We are going back to our hometown to inform our relatives and friends.
Don't bother me anymore
You can hear it from outside.
Liu Tao
It's also because I'm sick.
That's why he's fighting with me. He wants to see my people
But I don't want to implicate you.
I don't want you to suffer for me either
So let's go back now, shall we?
We don't ask them.
Tingting
This is what you gave birth to.
Hope
As long as the girl I love lives
It's nothing if I'm wronged
I'm begging you.
Please ask me this question
As long as I can live today
I would like to be a cow and a horse
That's too positive
Are you still using the bitter meat meter?
I'll tell you what.
I won't do it for that girl
To sacrifice my own health
Do you understand?
What does a dog do?
Must have been trained in advance
Also use bitter meat
Brother, don't be soft-hearted.
Enough swallows
Tingting is also our niece
We're worse than dogs.
Child get up
I will attend your wedding then
But that marrow has always been a thing
You let us think about it again
Thank you. Thank you.
Please come in please come in ok